CASMCMS-9279 -- 1.6 (#5749)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md

Reviewer: We also need to add a link to this page to `troubleshooting/README.md`

Reviewer: (to clarify, I mean modify the README.md so that it has a link to this new page)

> # Known issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Barebones Boot Test Failure
```

`/opt/cray/tests/integration/csm/barebones_image_test` returns "Failure of barebones image boot test".

In CSM 1.6.0, the barebones boot image test fails with output similar to the following:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     Created BOS session template 'example-session'
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     Creating BOS session 'example-session' with BOS session template 'example-session' on node 'x3000c0s17b3n0'
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     Created BOS session 'example-session'
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     Waiting for BOS session 'example-session' to complete
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     BOS session 'example-session' 'status' field is 'pending'
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     BOS session 'example-session' 'status' field is now 'running'
cray.barebones-boot-test: ERROR    BOS session 'example-session' has not completed even after 30 minutes
cray.barebones-boot-test: ERROR    Failure of barebones image boot test.
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     For troubleshooting information and manual steps, see https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/troubleshooting/cms_barebones_image_boot.md 
```

The test failure is attributed to incorrect network configuration, which causes the node to appear as though it has not booted. In most cases, the node has successfully booted but is inaccessible via the network.

## Fix

> There is no fix for the barebones boot image test in CSM 1.6.0. A fix has been implemented in CSM 1.6.1 and later.

Reviewer: This reads like there is a problem with the test, but from reading the original ticket, it sounds like it's a problem with the compute barebones image itself. Is that right? If so, we may want to reword this, only because the current wording does not indicate that a customer would run into this problem if they tried to customize the compute barebones image themselves, outside of this test. Does that make sense?

> There is no fix for the barebones image in CSM 1.6.0. The problem exists in the barebones image as indicate above and has been patched in CSM 1.6.1 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no fix for the barebones image in CSM 1.6.0. The problem exists in the barebones image as indicated above and has been patched in CSM 1.6.1 and later.
```

> If necessary, access to the node may be possible through the use of Cray Console.

Reviewer 2: nit: Remove "If necessary" to make clearer/more concise statements for docs.
```suggestion
Accessing the node may be done through the use of Cray Console.
```

1. Find the xname in the test output. Ex. `Found compute node 'x3000c0s17b3n0' with architecture 'x86'`

1. Update the following command with the desired xname.

   ```bash
   kubectl exec -it -n services cray-console-node-0  -c cray-console-node -- conman -j x3000c0s17b3n0
   or
   kubectl exec -it -n services cray-console-node-1  -c cray-console-node -- conman -j x3000c0s17b3n0

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the node xname in the test output.

    Look for text similar to the following in the test output:

    ```text
    Found compute node 'x3000c0s17b3n0' with architecture 'x86'
    ```

1. Follow the [Log in to a Node Using ConMan](../../operations/conman/Log_in_to_a_Node_Using_ConMan.md) procedure, using the xname identified in the previous step.
```

cray.barebones-boot-test: ERROR    BOS session 'example-session' has not completed even after 30 minutes
cray.barebones-boot-test: ERROR    Failure of barebones image boot test.
cray.barebones-boot-test: INFO     For troubleshooting information and manual steps, see https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/troubleshooting/cms_barebones_image_boot.md 
```

The test failure is attributed to incorrect network configuration, which causes the node to appear as though it has not booted. In most cases, the node has successfully booted but is inaccessible via the network.

## Fix

There is no fix for the barebones image in CSM 1.6.0. The problem exists in the barebones image as indicated above and has been patched in CSM 1.6.1 and later.

If necessary, access to the node may be possible through the use of Cray Console.

1. Find the node xname in the test output.

    Look for text similar to the following in the test output:

    ```text
    Found compute node 'x3000c0s17b3n0' with architecture 'x86'
    ```

1. Follow the [Log in to a Node Using ConMan](../../operations/conman/Log_in_to_a_Node_Using_ConMan.md) procedure, using the xname identified in the previous step.

> 
> For additional troubleshooting information see [CSM Troubleshooting Information](../troubleshooting/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I realize belatedly that my other comment was ambiguous. What I meant was that we should update the troubleshooting README page with a link to this new known issue, since it has a list of all the known issues. Sorry for the confusion.
